1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?
    I chose to use Spring Boot with Java for a couple of reasons. First of all, I have worked 
    extensively with Java. It is a language not only I am proficient in but also the one I 
    initially learned when I first started programming. During my internship last summer, I 
    had the opportunity to gain experience with Spring Boot and became familiar with this 
    tool. Upon carefully reading the instructions, it immediately came to me that the 
    features offered by Spring Boot, such as its robust support for building RESTful web 
    services, align well with the requirements. The framework's ease of use, 3rd-party 
    integration, and wide use in the industry made it a natural choice for me. I also view 
    this assessment a valuable opportunity to deepen my understanding of a tool that is 
    relatively new to me and build onto my current knowledge with a realistic example.


2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?
    - Advantages:
        - One advantage would be a common advantage of projects built with Spring - there is 
        no need for spending a lot of time writing and adding annotations and xml 
        configurations, and it provides many third-party configurations that we can directly 
        use, such as JUnit.
        - Another advantage would be the use of service layers. I divided my program into 
        DAO, service, and controller layers, and it provides a separation of concern. 
        Controller layer is only responsible for taking requests from and sending response 
        back to the user. Service layer is called by the controller and does the specific 
        operations/provides the business logic based on the request sent. DAO layer is the
        only one interacting with the database, or in this case, the data structures that 
        stores information about transactions, user balance, and payers. This also provides 
        security to the program since the user will not be able to access our database 
        directly.
        - Some other advantages may include simplicity, readability, inclusion of javadoc and 
        comments, organization, and ease to test and maintain.
    - Disadvantages:
        - One disadvantage that is obvious to me is the multiple uses of lists and hashmaps,
        which can potentially be large/expensive in terms of space complexity.
        - Also, the test cases that I included in the test class may not be comprehensive 
        enough for testing edge cases.
        - There is no physical/real database for storing transactions, user's balance, payers,
        etc., so all data will be lost when the application restarts.


3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?
    The previous project in my Operating Systems class was very interesting and is probably 
    my favorite so far. We were asked to implement a new system call `getlastcat` that 
    returns the argument of the last cat command in the xv6 operating system. The initial 
    challenge was that the concept of modifying code in kernel space was relatively new. It 
    was unclear to me where to start, and the intricacies of system calls were initially 
    overwhelming. Therefore, I first dedicated time to studying how system calls work and 
    diving into reading the xv6 source code. I also attended office hours to discuss my 
    questions, and it significantly aided in understanding system calls and identifying the 
    components that needed modifcation. Once my comprehension deepened, I started enjoying it 
    because it was very different from writing user-level programs, which we have always been 
    doing. I think the challenge comes from the fact that I have never interated with an OS 
    in this way before, and I have to learn and apply new knowledge in a short period of time 
    to complete the project, but I also enjoyed the experience and felt accomplished seeing 
    my implementation integrate into an existing OS.
